Q: What are altavist and askjeeves
A: Old search engines that were around before and during googles time

Q: What is chatgpt
A: chatgpt is a artificial intelligence chatbot that answers questions people ask it

Q: What is the difference between google search results and chatGPT questions
Q: What is the difference between ChatGPT questions and google search results
Q: What is the difference between asking chatgpt and asking google
Q: What is the difference between chatGPT answers and google answers
Q: What is the difference between google answers and chatgpt answers
A: Google gives a list of links as search results. chatgpt gives answers in plaintext

Q: Why might Google be threatened by chatgpt
Q: What is threatening about Chatgpt for google
Q: Why might google be worried about chatgpt 
Q: What is google worried about chatgpt
A: The answers given are in plaintext and easier to understand that lists of links

Q: What is google's response to chatgpt
Q: How is google responding to chatgpt
Q: How is google answering chatgpt
Q: How is google addressing chatgpt
A: They are creating their own AI chatbot called Bard

Q: what is Bard
A: a conversational AI created by google that is not out yet. It is based on the same LAMBDA mode as ChatGPT

Q: What are the issues of ChatGPT
Q: Does chatgpt have issues
Q: The issues of chatgpt are:
A: it does not always give the right answers. It gets confused.

Q: What did Pichai say about AI?
Q: What did the CEO of google say about AI?
Q: What did Sundar Pichai say about AI?
Q: what did the google CEO say aobut AI?
A: that AI can give insight into questions where there is no right answer.

Q: Why are teachers worried about chatgpt.
Q: Why would teachers be worried about chatgpt
Q: what is worrying about chatgpt for teachers
A: Because it gives good answers and can seem to write human text.

Q: Who made chatGPT
Q: What company made chatgpt
Q: Who are the people that made chatgpt
A: The company OpenAI

Q: Is chatGPT always right?
Q: Does chatGPT make mistakes
Q: Is chatgpt wrong?
Q: is chatbot wrong sometimes?
A: ChatGPT often makes mistakes or gives nonsensical answers. And it will give them with as much confidence as a correct answer


Q: How long has Google been the most popular search engine
Q: When did Google become the most popular search engine
A: Since 2001

Q: Why might google have false sense of security
Q: Why does google have a false sense of security
A: Because they have been at the top for so long

Q: Why has google search not really changed for users at all
Q: WHy is the user experience for google search the same as in the past
Q: why have users barely seen a difference in how google search looks
A: Because it works well. There is no need to change.

Q: What is OpenAI
Q: Who are OpenAI
A: It is a company that makes Machine learning programs. And has made chatGPT

Q: What does it mean that ChatGPT understands people differently that google search.
Q: Why is it said that chatGPT understand people differenly than a google search
A: Chatgpt gives plaintext answers to questions, and does not give a list of links


Q: What is #chatgptfails
A: twitter tags that show examples of chatGPT failing to give the correct answer.

Q: what is the twitter hastag for the fails of chatgpt
A: #chatGPTFails

Q: Is there an problem with chatGPT not giving sources for its answers
Q: What is an issue with chatgpt not giving sources
Q: What is an issue with chatgpt not giving sources for its answers
Q: ChatGPT does not give sources, why is this an issue?
A: This makes it difficult to fact check the answer.

Q: Are chatbots the future of search
Q: Will we see more chatbots in search
A: most likely not, but they will contribute to giving more full answers, but will not replace traditional methods completely.

Q: What is the advantage of a plaintext answer
Q: Why do people prefer a plaintext answer
Q: What is preferable about a plaintext answer
A: Poeple do not have to look though many links, but instead are given an aswer directly. Which saves time and helps them with understanding.


Q: How much should we trust chatgpt?
Q: Can we trust chatbot?
Q: Is CHATGPT trustworthy?
Q: when can we trust ChatGPT?
A: ChatGPT often gives incorrect answers, so we need to check the results that it gives. It also does not give sources for its information

Q: Why might teachers be worried about ChatGPT
Q: Why are teachers worried about chatgpt
A: Because it might give away answers and write essays for students without them learning of how to answer questions themselves. Also it is counts a plagiarism

Q: What is ChatGPT trained on
A: On a large collection of information from all over the internet. 